Update README.md with new project status (#202)
VCityTeam/py3dtilers: README.md

# Py3DTilers: an open-source toolkit to create 3DTiles

## :warning: Discontinued development :warning:

> Alas, starting on January 2025, the current Py3dTilers development team will move on to new projects. Py3dTilers will thus no longer receive new features. Since 2024, ongoing efforts have been made to merge py3dtilers into py3dtiles (the original communautary project). Oslandia has offered to maintain this repository while this work is ongoing. If you still need this tool, don't hesitate to [contact oslandia](mailto:infos@oslandia.com). If your use case is supported, please use the original [py3dtiles](https://gitlab.com/py3dtiles/py3dtiles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alas, starting on January 2025, the current Py3dTilers development team has moved on to new projects. Py3dTilers will thus no longer receive new features. Current direction and efforts aims at integrating Py3dTilers features into the `py3dtiles` project, is the original community-led project which Py3dTilers was based on.   Oslandia has offered to maintain this repository while this work is ongoing. If you still need this tool, donot hesitate to [contact oslandia](mailto:infos@oslandia.com). If your use case is already supported, please migrate to using the original [py3dtiles](https://gitlab.com/py3dtiles/py3dtiles) project instead of Py3dTilers.
```
